[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: This
season on "Open Minds,"
I've teamed up with Freddy
Silva, author and world
renowned expert on sacred
sites, Paola Harris,
investigative
journalist and author
in the field of extraterrestrial
related phenomena,
local Sardinia
guide Rosella Loddo,
and Luigi Muscas, a
leading researcher
on giant bones in Sardinia
who has discovered evidence
pointing to the connection
between the island of Sardinia
and the ancient
culture of Atlantis.
Their elaborate stone sites,
roughly 7,000 of them,
are sprinkled all over the
island revealing tombs, bones,
and highly sophisticated
architecture.
It's speculated that
people from Atlantis,
including a giant
race of people,
immigrated to Sardinia
with their great knowledge,
leaving their tombs and
temples, called nuraghi behind.
With help from a team
of remote viewers led
by Angela Thompson,
local Sardinia
legends, and the writings
of Edgar Cayce and Ruth
Montgomery, we uncover a deeper
understanding of these giants,
their nuraghi, and the
mystery surrounding
their incredible
history on this island.
>>FREDDY SILVA: We're
taking little bread crumbs
and trying to make a wonderful
loaf of bread out of it.
>>REGINA: The message
that there may
have been highly
sophisticated cultures
before our current time
begs many questions
that we've been grappling with.
Why did they disappear?
And how many more are there
buried under the sands of time?
This is spectacular.
In our last episode, we
were with Freddy Silva
out in the field.
And we were looking at the
nuraghi, these ancient stone
monuments, many of them
kind of beehive or conical
shaped, very masculine.
It looks like what?
15 feet high?
>>SILVA: A little bit more, 20.
>>REGINA: That were built
for specific ritual purposes
for what were considered
the tall people
or giants or shining ones.
So we thought we were
going to be doing
more of that the following day.
But we had a surprise in store.
Right, Paola?
>>PAOLA HARRIS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: In this
particular case,
we'd had all our permits
basically denied.
We thought we were going to be
able to go into more nuraghi
sites and shoot.
And they said, nope.
And they wouldn't let us shoot.
So that left a little
bit of open space.
And your friend Rosella,
wonderful woman,
said, there is
this special place
that was very ancient
just for women.
So we thought, wait a minute.
We've got the time.
Let's go see what she's
talking about, right?
>>HARRIS: Yes.
It's a place of initiation.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: I'd never seen it.
So it was a treat for me too.
>>REGINA: And you can't
see it from the road.
>>HARRIS: No.
>>REGINA: This is a hidden site.
Other people don't
really go to this site.
It's not well-known at all.
They know the big nuraghi
that are sticking up
on the top of hills and out in
the valleys but not this place.
So first of all, this
was a site of initiation
specifically for women.
>>HARRIS: In a
lot of traditions,
women are very, very
important in initiation rites.
>>REGINA: Right.
And these were initiatory.
The nuraghi and such
were initiatory places.
So a lot of times, there are
spirits that kind of penetrate
these places where
rituals were done.
And so looking at it from a
meditative point of view, what
was so fascinating to me is
this was a very specific kind
of experience.
And we were all just
thrilled to have had the time
to come into this discovery.
>>ROSELLA LODDO:
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: My
name is Rosella Loddo.
I live in Cagliari, Sardinia.
I'm very passionate about
archeological sites.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: I visited
many sites in Sardinia.
But I'm most passionate about
Villa Sant'Antonio Domus De
Janas, which means
home of the fairies.
It is a very important and
powerful site, especially
for women.
>>REGINA: When you
first found these caves
and started going there,
how did this happen?
And what kind of
experiences subsequently
have you had in these
caves here for the women?
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: I
attended a course
on the frequency of
archeological sites.
And during this course, we
visited many of these sites
like the Villa Sant'Antonio
Domus De Janas.
It was a very strong
experience where
we could feel the frequency that
would resonate from the site.
And since Villa Sant'Antonio
Domus De Janas resonated
a frequency for the
woman's body, for us women,
it was a very strong experience.
>>REGINA: Have you been going
to these caves for a long time?
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: In the beginning,
I visited the site once a week.
And on Sundays, I
would go with a friend
to feel the frequency
of the site.
And for many years, I would go
with one, sometimes a couple
of friends who were as
passionate about archeology
as myself to visit and
experience the site.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: The first chamber
is the one of the young woman
because we are talking about
a site of feminine initiation
where the young
woman would initiate
her life as an adult woman.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER:
The second chamber
is where the young woman
would feel for the first time
the desire towards
finding a companion.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: The third
chamber is actually very sweet
because the young woman
feels the sensation
of falling in love with
the accelerated heartbeat
and sweetness.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER:
The fourth is when
the young woman will
experience the first symptoms
of menstruation.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: And
in the fifth chamber
is when the young woman
will very suddenly see
a big change in
her body, a belly,
and she will feel the
symptoms of being pregnant.
>>REGINA: Then this is the
site, the first chamber
of step number
one, which was you
explained to us earlier that
this is where it all begins.
This is the first chamber.
>>INTERPRETER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And the girl is
taken into this chamber.
And inside, as
we'll see, there's
a bed, a stone slab for
the girl to lie down on.
And then the priest goes
over her energetically
to see if she's healthy,
a healthy young female.
>>INTERPRETER: Yes.
The priest would check that
she was in good health.
>>REGINA: Once they get
the blessing of the priest
that the girl is healthy, then
she continues her journey.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: Yes.
After that, she would continue
to the other chambers.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I'm going to go in here.
I'm just going to
lie down for fun.
See what it's like in there.
So this is where the girl
would lie down, right?
And then?
>>INTERPRETER: Here, the priest
would feel the young woman's
energy with their hands.
>>REGINA: So the
priest goes and senses
the energy coming from her body.
>>INTERPRETER: To
check if everything
was OK in good health.
>>REGINA: So she first has
to claim to be in good health
reproductively.
Good health so she
can have babies.
OK.
Now we go to the next chamber,
the next step in the process.
This next one has a very
different frequency.
And it's the frequency of
girls awakening sexually?
>>INTERPRETER: Yes.
This one is the chamber
of the sexual excitement.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So to allow the girl to feel the
energy of her young sexuality
beginning to build.
>>INTERPRETER: Yes, to
experience that excitement.
>>REGINA: And again, we see
that little well in the center.
>>INTERPRETER: It's called
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] meaning
a little hole, activation.
>>REGINA: Activation
well in the middle
that would have water
in it for the ceremony.
Yeah.
I would like to
go inside and see
what this energy feels like.
Some people really feel
the activation in them.
Yeah.
Yes.
>>INTERPRETER: Yes to
experience the sensation.
>>REGINA: Yes,
the big sensation.
OK, so we're in here now.
And I see there's
room for many girls.
So several girls are
in at the same time.
And you told me the
very last chamber
is shaped like the uterus.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: Each wall
represents the uterus wall
>>REGINA: The
uterus and then this
is the activation
portion of the chamber.
This is the little well that's
at the center of each of them,
normally filled with water.
And here, the water ripples out.
So there is a larger
concentric circle of water.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: In this hole,
the water spreads the frequency.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And that boosts the frequency?
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: And
activates the sensation.
>>REGINA: These are
absolutely magnificent.
I'm so happy that you told us.
We didn't know about this
before we came to Sardinia.
You said, I have a
special place for you.
And this is one of my maybe top
places that we've built so far.
I love it.
>>INTERPRETER:
For us women, this
is a very, very beautiful
place, very powerful.
>>REGINA: Yes very, very
powerful for the women.
Indeed.
I can feel it.
Plus, all of the
surroundings with the flowers
and the grasses and the water
surrounding us is so graceful,
so feminine.
It's very refreshing.
Very good.
Falling in love.
So, Rosella, from
everything you've
told us so far,
in the first cave,
the girl went through
the priest's approval
to make sure her health was
good and she was strong.
The next one was to
go into this chamber
where she started
first being initiated
into the sexual energy within.
And now we come to the chamber
of the heart and falling
in love.
>>INTERPRETER: Yes.
This is the chamber where
by herself, she would
feel her heartbeat accelerate.
>>REGINA: And in here are
two different chambers
for the right and the
left halves of the heart.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: It represents
the left and right sides
of the heart.
>>REGINA: Yes.
The auricle and
ventricle of the heart.
Yes.
Yeah.
And so here was bringing in that
very refined frequency of love
to activate the
heart, so she could
have a real connection with
her partner on the love level.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: Yes.
The frequency of love,
of falling in love.
>>REGINA: Very high
frequency for the love.
Yes.
That last cave had incredibly
powerful frequencies in it,
just you could feel it
rising up in the body.
But this one is
much more refined.
>>INTERPRETER: Yes, very sweet.
>>REGINA: Yeah, more sweet.
Sweet.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And then the next
one we're going to,
we'll just take a quick peek at,
it's just a very small opening.
And that's for the girl's
first menstruation.
So she's moving into physical
ability to have a children.
Yes.
OK.
And the next little one is
for the first menstruation
as the body starts
preparing itself,
the young girls to be able to
give birth the following cave.
OK, so we're here,
Rosella, and this
is the spot that is
said to be-- well,
you've been here many times.
This was the initiation
ritual for the girls,
the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH].
Right?
And here, we have a little
tiny well with water.
And I think you said
you told us that this is
where they put their fingers.
>>INTERPRETER: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
They kind of anoint themselves
with water, cleanse themselves.
And then in here, you
brought a gynecologist in
to look at the cave,
to actually look
at the feminine nature of it.
And here, we have
what looks like more
of the female anatomy, a
uterus, and a swollen belly.
Yeah.
So the floor is where the
actual ritual took place, right?
Yeah.
Let's go inside.
Ah, nicely prepared.
It has two little--
little sitting areas.
And the ritual must
take place right here.
Rosella, this is really
beautiful inside here
energetically.
Each cave has a
different frequency.
>>LODDO: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK, all different frequencies.
This one, this
particular one, you
can see by the anatomy
of the birth canal
and the area that looks
like a pregnant belly
that this one was for the ritual
of preparing for giving birth.
>>INTERPRETER: Exactly.
This represents the shape
of a pregnant belly.
>>REGINA: Oh,
yeah, very much so.
Yes.
And so, the women
would come inside.
Even now when they
come inside, you
say sometimes they feel like
they're actually giving birth.
>>INTERPRETER: Yes.
When we follow the
steps of each chamber,
they arrive here
and start feeling
the symptoms of giving birth.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it makes them
feel the physical sensation
of giving birth.
And you've been in these
caves and brought people here
many times.
There were other chambers.
There's another
chamber in particular
that has very special
spiritual significance to you.
But it was hidden.
We couldn't see it.
And also, you said it's
not a place where you would
take a camera and other people.
It's very personal.
Please tell us about
where happened to you
when you went into that cave.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: Well,
this happened one Sunday
when my friends and
I were exploring
the other side of the site.
We discovered a very
small chamber, which
was divided into two parts.
Inside this chamber,
I was left by myself
because we were in shifts.
And in that moment, I felt
an out of body experience
as if I was a part
of the cosmos.
It was a very
beautiful experience,
very different from
the other chambers.
Because in the others, you
could feel your own body.
And since we were
separated in shifts
and all experienced
the sensation,
we had agreed that the
sensation experience
was of the woman making
contact with the cosmos.
>>REGINA: So the cave is
called Domus De Janas, which
has to do with the spirits
or the entities that are
associated with those caves.
And you say that in
Sardinia, there's
a rich history of fairies
and the Jana and so forth.
Can you talk about
that a little bit?
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: This very small
Domus De Janas is much smaller
than the chambers
of Sant'Antonio.
The locals believed,
because of its size,
that it was
inhabited by fairies.
We can assume that the
civilization that built
the Sant'Antonio Domus De Janas
had a very elevated knowledge
capable of energizing
the walls with frequency.
And who built those chambers
were known as priestesses
that later would guide
the rituals with always
a feminine presence.
>>SILVA: There's four caves,
man made caves in here.
And each one of them is
ever so slightly off target.
So it starts off at 164
degrees, ends up at 188.
This is so that each
entrance is tracking
a different object in the
sky during the same evening.
So it starts off in one
cave and it ends in another.
And the acoustic in each
one is very, very different.
So that each one was used
for a very different purpose.
They seem to sort of go up,
and they go down and then up.
If you speak with
a low voice, you
sound like there's four people
talking at the same time.
If you speak in
a high voice, you
start getting more into the
rhythm of the actual cave.
If you go down, again
that's natural echo.
>>REGINA: So, Freddy, when you
were out there and in the cave
and we have this lovely image
of you there, first of all,
Rosella was saying, men are
not supposed to be here.
They stay way away
on the mountain,
away from the women's caves.
Well, we didn't know all that.
So our modern men have wandered
down and went into the caves.
>>SILVA: Because one does.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
So let's talk about your own
experience of what it felt
like in that cave.
>>SILVA: It was kind of
like going into a womb,
literally,
metaphorically as well.
The whole site is designed to be
almost like a uterus, in a way.
So it's kind of funny
how your feelings
are beginning to
interact with the way
the space is actually designed
and where it's located.
And yes, it was a very
introspective place.
A place where you go into
these incubation chambers.
And you feel very
much as though you
are kind of giving birth
metaphorically and physically.
So yeah, I totally understood
what was going on there,
even though it's been going on
for so many thousands of years.
It was kind of like
going back in time
and reliving centuries
and thousands of years
of incubation.
>>REGINA: Feelings that
go beyond expression.
>>SILVA: Oh, absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
This was, to me, just really
an amazing experience.
And it very feminine in nature.
Even as Freddy said, this was
a very flowing, very feminine,
non-mental kind of energy.
It was charging.
And you could, as
we talked about,
feel the difference
in each case.
But Rosella was saying the
men shouldn't have been there.
Remember that?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
I remember that because this
was a woman's initiation place.
>>REGINA: I hate to say
this because I'm not
like militant, a militant
feminist on any level.
I like to see the bridging
between the sexes.
That's what it's about is
bringing the two together.
But I had this really
visceral reaction when
the guys crawled in the cave.
It was almost militant.
It's like the mama
bear in me was like,
they shouldn't be here.
And when they started
toning and putting
all these masculine
tones in the caves,
I was just viscerally
kind of shaken by it.
>>HARRIS: I was too actually.
I was too.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HARRIS: Because this was
supposed to be like another--
but they were curious
like anybody would be.
>>REGINA: Of course.
I'm not blaming them in any way.
We had the guys in the cave
with us taking the film anyway,
doing the film.
>>HARRIS: Yeah, that's right.
>>REGINA: So I mean, it
was already that way.
But there was something
about toning in there.
But it was kind of
interesting because it
started raining like crazy.
In fact, it prohibited
you from getting up
in some of those caves because
you had slippery shoes on.
>>HARRIS: Well, that's
what Rosella told me.
She said, Paola, if
it starts raining,
don't even try because they
are so slippery that you
can hurt yourself.
So I thought, I don't
want to end this.
I don't want to
end this this way.
>>REGINA: I had to go up there.
>>HARRIS: So I was watching you.
But I was fascinated
just like you were.
>>REGINA: And what happened
when it was all said and done,
each of the men literally
slipped down the rocks
at one point in the day.
And our poor
videographer Sebastian,
he was holding onto the
camera as his feet slipped.
And he was sliding down 15,
20 feet away of wet rock.
>>HARRIS: Well, he
was saving the camera.
And I was in shock
watching this because he
was saving the camera.
But he slipped down.
And I thought, oh my god,
what's going to happen?
>>REGINA: The whole time it was
like, the camera, the camera.
And so, he had a nice
round of applause,
but he was all dinged
up with bruised up
knee and scraped skin.
But none of the women
lost their footing at all.
We did just fine.
None of the women fell.
And I thought, hey, maybe it's
the local jinn saying, guys,
don't come in here again.
There was a correlation between
these caves and an experience
you had in Orkney.
>>SILVA: Absolutely.
As if Orkney isn't remote
enough to begin with,
there's also the
remote island of Hoy.
So you take a little
boat across there.
Two massive mountains, and
there's one megalith, in fact,
it's a monolith.
It's a huge rectangular
slab of ancient sandstone.
It's been hollowed
out like a laser.
And it faces exactly,
and I mean exactly west.
It's perfectly aligned.
And you go in there, and it
has exactly the same alcoves,
the same cuts, and
the same shape,
and the shaving of the
interior as the site
that we went through as well.
That completely blew my mind.
>>REGINA: Another energetic
tie from the north.
>>SILVA: Yes, and also
connecting the two places
together.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SILVA: This is very
important actually.
And it was we're discovering
this as we're walking along.
We're talking about the
people of the Danube
coming from central Europe
from the north into Sardinia.
Well, in the Irish
tradition, when
the giants, I'm
talking real big giants
were there, the Formoire,
they were basically
saying that after the
Formoire were there,
the Tuatha de Danann, who is a
variation of the Tuatha Danu,
from the Black Sea.
They came all the way from
the north into Ireland.
Well, you can't get much further
north at the end of the ice age
than north Scotland and Orkney.
So now we have
the same tradition
of the people in Sardinia
also going through Norway,
through Sweden, into Orkney,
leaving their little vestige
of their habitation there
and the stone circles
they have there as well
about the same time
period as they're appearing
in Sardinia, by the way.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>SILVA: And then they come
down to form the royal bloodline
of Ireland and
Scotland, again, tall,
redheaded with light skin.
And that's where we get
the Nordic and Scandinavian
appearances from.
They're the ones who
bred that bloodline
in that part of the world.
So we do see an overlap
here between Scotland
and the ancient
civilization of Sardinia.
And I had no idea.
I was literally making
this up as I'm going along.
And I'm watching the overlaps.
And I'm thinking, this
is why I love my job.
Sometimes the spirit
of a place just helps
you make those connections.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So we go back to the
shining ones once again.
The shining one or the
Annu, when they came,
they came as a group of
eight in each of the cultures
around the world.
And the one who was the wisdom
keeper for the whole group
was always a woman.
So a woman always
accompanied them.
But again, you say that the
knowledge seeded by the shining
ones included the
presence of women.
It wasn't all men.
Let's talk about the
female that was present
among the shining
ones, the watchers,
those who seeded knowledge.
>>SILVA: Yeah, these are
all sages essentially.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SILVA: They had another
word for them called
the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH],, and
they appear all over Sumeria.
They were protective
people, not just spirits.
They were protective people.
And there was a council that
was run by eight people.
One was a woman.
And these eight people were
all bearers of the ring.
This is where the story of
Lord of the Rings comes from.
The late Laurence
Gardner had picked up
on this story
through his research
into the old lineage of the
Anu, from his connections
with special libraries.
>>REGINA: He was amazing.
We just want to take a moment to
say thank you Lawrence Gardner.
>>SILVA: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: I loved his work.
And the man was he
was a wonderful man.
>>SILVA: I wouldn't
be talking about this
if he hadn't been around.
So the thing I
found more impactful
than any part of the
published stories,
how the woman, the lone
woman in this group of people
was the wisdom keeper.
She was the central
pivotal member
of the entire organization.
And also, she was
the one through which
the bloodline, the
sacred bloodline
or the divine
bloodline runs through.
Fast forward the story
about 5,000, 6,000 years.
We're now in Sumeria, 3,000 BC.
And you have the woman in red.
She is the person who is
basically the tutelary goddess
of the entire temple structure.
And it was because of her
that we have all these rituals
and initiation practices
into this sacred wisdom.
So the woman who was basically
at the forefront of the temple,
she wore a crimson robe.
The woman in red, this is
where the story goes back to.
The robe was called a ritu.
This is where we get
the word ritual from.
And it means truth in Sumerian.
So she was the wisdom
keeper of the truth.
The bearer of the truth
for the entire culture.
So it was through
her lineage that we
get a divine bloodline spreading
eastwards through Asia Minor.
Ends up historically where
the women in red in Galilee,
Mary Magdalene, who was not
her real name, by the way.
It was just a title.
And from that, they merge
into the Merovingian bloodline
and the Scythian bloodline
of the lords of Anu
who then become the royal
houses of Europe, and also,
through intermarriage, with
the royal house of Egypt.
And from that, they basically
set the royal bloodlines
of Ireland and Scotland.
And all this is established
record at this point.
And it was because
of that that we
have the argy bargy with the
Carolingians, who were set up
by the church as a wonderful
light and dark battle
to take over the
control of Europe.
We're now getting into the
early medieval era in Europe.
And that's a whole other story.
But this is where the
story of the women
is so important, that
they were the true wisdom
keepers, the bearer of
the sacred knowledge,
and also the people who also
were able to manipulate energy
and the human body
in a certain way
that allowed you to have
not just the incubation
experience that
we had at the site
but also had the out
of body experience
mentally where you
travel to other worlds,
return back with
specialist information.
You know?
>>REGINA: And I
like the way you've
described the women in red.
Because the way my grandpa
put it, if you wore red,
you were a Jezebel,
and you went to hell.
Period.
Shorter story.
Not as inspiring.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
And you can see how the
religious implications,
the politics of religion
turns it upside down.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SILVA: Along
with the pentagram.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: I mean like
the devil only shows up
three times in the Bible.
And usually, he's a
pretty helpful guy.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: So there you go.
Different folks, same strokes.
So you know?
And it's funny how these
spirit forms, which
is the essence of the spirit
form that was there originally,
this place in the rock, in
the memory of the stone,
and they always take on this
essence of very tall people.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SILVA: And they have
the same story not far
from Sardinia in North Africa.
The women used to
consult the mounds
of the fairies,
the jinn, and they
used to connect with
the female deity,
the female overarching
spirit of the mounds.
And they said that they used
to appear in the form of very
tall people.
>>REGINA: This was
what they experienced.
>>SILVA: So even in
the spirit world,
they also take on
the form of giants.
I thought it was an interesting
parallel with Sardinia.
If you actually read properly
the original story of Enoch
and the Babylonian and
the Mesopotamian version,
it's very clear that the
Annu and the Annunaki,
which means people of
Annu, there were helpers.
They were spiritual people.
The watchers come in on the
side as the side members
of that group of the Annu.
They're like the go between.
In fact, the Greeks called them
the messengers, the egregore,
where we get the
concept of angels from.
But they were real people.
So they were the point
of go between the Annu
and human beings.
And the watchers, again,
were considered to be sages.
They had their own
understanding of life.
This is where the story
gets a little bit fragmented
because there was a small
group of the watchers that
defied orders.
And they went to Earth.
And they met with women
because they said we like them.
We want to hang out with them.
>>REGINA: This is
where you really
start getting more of the
Luciferian story involved.
>>SILVA: This is where we get
to the dark side of the story
where they defied orders
not to mate with humans.
>>REGINA: Fallen angels.
>>SILVA: Because they
said, our DNA and theirs
is not going to mesh.
Human women and watchers
make strange bedfellows,
metaphorically and physically.
And it did.
And this is where we
get the Nephilim, which
they call the bastard sons
of the fallen watchers.
And it's funny how they
get all the attention.
But all the good people, the
majority of the good people
get thrown out of the window.
But the ones who fell
by the wayside who
did mate with human women,
they gave birth to infants.
So the women died
during childbirth.
The Hopi still talk about this.
They said that basically, this
created these bastard offspring
called the Nephilim.
And Nephila is an old Hebrew
word that actually means Orion.
So they were the children,
the bastard children
of the children of Orion.
So we had that connection again.
So it was from here that the
true giant people, the Gigantes
people suddenly come
about because we've
gone from eight to 10
feet to 15 feet to 18 feet
to 24 feet in one case.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: And this is what
prompted the lords of Annu
to say, this has gone
completely out of control.
We need to either bring
these people in, tell
the humans to behave, tell the
bastard watchers to behave,
or we're going to have
to wipe out the Earth.
We're going to have
to basically conspire
to create a flood,
which is essentially
what they were saying.
We're able to use
the power of will
to move fragments
of a comet to create
this massive deluge on Earth.
So they had power over
nature for certain.
And that's what brought the
whole thing crashing down.
They had to get rid of these
small group of watchers
who created the Nephilim, who
created all the problems here
on Earth.
>>REGINA: They were considered
to have preyed on people.
They were even
considered to have been--
>>SILVA: Barbaric.
>>REGINA: --barbaric
and even cannibalistic.
>>SILVA: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And even and
Native American history,
they say that they were
slaying the giants of the day
because they were cannibals.
>>SILVA: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And they
were afraid of them.
>>SILVA: Absolutely.
They completely lost the--
It's as though being in the
physical form for these people
was really, really difficult.
The watchers already found
it difficult. The Annu found
it difficult to begin with.
And that's why they said, do
not interact with the humans.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVA: First of all,
you're interfering
with the development,
the natural development
of a species.
You shouldn't be doing that.
You can assist and suggest.
Like go and tell
about agriculture.
OK?
And then come back
to the encampment,
to the islands, all
the missing lands.
And then we just
leave them alone.
Let them get on with it.
Let them develop in
their own course.
But whatever happened,
we don't know
why this small group of people
decided to go against orders
and created all the
problems that we have.
But I just find it terrible
that they get all the attention.
And all the other
people, the real sages
are left by the wayside.
I think that's a
travesty of history.
>>REGINA: I agree.
And we need to stop it.
We need to stop highlighting
that particular aspect
of history.
So we're here to do our
little part in that.
>>SILVA: Keep it positive.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Keep it positive.
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: We
can say that Sardinia
is very popular for the
many people that talk
about the giants and fairies.
And the central
region of Sardinia
has its own popular stories
and myths told by its elderly.
So it's beautiful to
listen to their stories
and go explore the sites
featured in those stories.
>>REGINA: So there is a
history, a rich history,
it sounds like, of the
lore of the fairy folk,
as we call them, the little
fairies and the wee people.
But what about the giants?
What does the average Sardinian
feel about the presence
of giants in Sardinia?
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: They talk
a lot about the giants
especially the elderly.
They will tell stories
of finding big bones
in the fields that could not be
of an animal or a human being.
But people would not pay
much attention to them.
And later, it was discovered
a statue of a giant
that you can see in
the Cagliari Museum.
And all the stories surrounding
it are very interesting.
>>REGINA: What is your
understanding regarding
the connection between
Atlantis and Sardinia?
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER: I think the
old civilization of Sardinia
was very knowledgeable
and most likely
were ancestors of Atlantis.
It's hard to find
evidence and proof,
but there is a lot of research
surrounding those facts.
And most certainly, if you visit
places like Domus De Janas,
Villa Sant'Antonio,
all the healing sites,
everyone that has visited those
places have felt the vibrations
and even improved their health.
So I believe the
Atlantis civilization can
be found all around the world.
And I believe that it also
arrived here in Sardinia.
>>REGINA: So you have
been absolutely invaluable
to this entire trip here
because you're Sardinian,
you know the story.
And you were the one that
originally introduced Paola
to Luigi.
How did you initially find Luigi
and what were your opinions
about Luigi and his work?
>>LODDO: [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>INTERPRETER:
When I participated
in the frequency of
archeology course,
we visited a
village in Sardinia.
And through mutual friends,
we ended up meeting Luigi.
And his story is
really impressive.
When he would tell
us the story of how
he bumped into a
skeleton of a giant
and he's found so
many other things,
like a tooth, et cetera,
I believe his story
is very interesting and true.
And it's on the
verge of becoming
known by everyone in the world.
>>REGINA: God this is beautiful.
>>SILVA: Orion suddenly appears
above this flattened area.
>>REGINA: This is a beehive.
Wow.
All these little
crevices and walkways.
I'm going to have a
little meditation in here.
So here we are.
We've been out in the field
about a week together.
And we've been around the island
and looked at the mysteries,
and we've held the bones.
You have a really very
specific take on all this
that I think is important.
>>HARRIS: Well,
it's very important.
Because when I came here years
ago, I was hoping somebody
would cover this story.
And for me, field
research, in my career,
field research is the only
kind of research I do.
And that means
talking to the people,
getting witness testimony,
being on location,
looking at the
history of what you're
talking about and
not in isolation,
putting together the puzzle.
And I think we did that.
I think that was pretty cool.
We were able to put
together a puzzle
and insert some theories
about this because this is BC,
thousands of years BC that
all this was going on.
But I think it's important.
It's the history of the
human race and other races.
And we did it.
We actually survived
a lot of obstacles,
and it was field research.
>>REGINA: It was.
And each one of us, I think, had
a very different kind of agenda
in terms of our own
personal curiosity.
I mean, with Freddy,
it was very clear.
He's looking at it from an
archeoastronomy point of view,
looking to see, are these
part of those groups of people
that were aligned to Orion?
And so he was able to
successfully, and he did.
He brought his
instruments in and he
did the north-south
readings himself
and verified it because
we were in the field.
And he was so thrilled
to say, I've seen this.
I've seen this from Google Maps.
But it's nothing like
being in the field with it.
And for me, I was
particularly fascinated
and always have been, still
am about the story of Atlantis
and what happened before
the final devastation.
Where did those people go?
Was that knowledge
then maintained
throughout other civilizations?
Which, in Freddy's eyes, it was.
And how the people of
Sardinia feel so closely
allied with the
Atlantian heritage.
I found that a
fascinating aspect of it.
>>HARRIS: And you also learned
a little Italian, I think.
>>REGINA: I learned a little.
I got to where I could kind of
understand Luigi and Rosella
along the way.
And I know a couple of words.
I can get an espresso
just fine at a cafe.
But I think to be able to each
come with our own curiosity
and have some things
answered, but I
think even more so what
I love about this trip is
that it opened up even
more possibilities and more
questions.
It made for a more vast horizon
of exploration than the stories
we've been told up until now.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
I think it's very,
very important
that people understand that.
And culturally, we all
got something from this.
I mean, even the camera crew.
Everybody that was
involved in this venture
really enjoyed it
because, culturally,
we not only mixed
with the people.
We learned so much.
I mean, it was amazing.
For me, I had never done
this intense research here.
>>REGINA: It wasn't
really your bailiwick.
>>HARRIS: No, it wasn't.
But, boy, was it ever something
that I'm going to follow up on.
>>REGINA: And above
everything else,
I just adored, and I think we
all did, the Sardinian people.
We found them warm,
welcoming, helpful, just
really kind people.
So for me, it was a win
on every single level.
We all here at Gaia hope
you enjoyed this journey
as much as we did.
It's been fabulous to
be out in the field
and be able to
touch these stones
and feel the energy of peoples
from the past in meditation.
All of it has been really
enriching to us on many levels.
And if you're curious enough,
you can come do it too.
I know that this
is a surrogate for
your own personal experience.
But I would encourage
anybody to come to Sardinia
and start poking
around on your own.
Go into those caves and
the nuraghi on your own.
And I think you too will fall in
love with the Sardinian people.
So until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]